Typos (#22)
reflectivity/reflectivity.github.io: projects/simple_model.md

  The reflectivity file can be related to a sample model without the *external* connection

>   manufactorers lab journal....). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  manufacturers lab journal....). 
```

- `stack`
- `layer`
- `material`
- `composite` material mixture 

> - `roghness` sigma of the errorfunction describing the density variation at an 'interface'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `roughness` sigma of the error function describing the density variation at an 'interface'
```
